to become a teaching assistant. There are a few criteria. First of all,
you have to have taken the class and gotten I think you have to have
it least a B. But honestly, most professors will require that you
got in a, um generally, professors want teaching assistants who have
taken their particular section. So, for instance, I teach intermediate
research methods and statistics. But a lot of professors teach
that class. And for my teaching assistants, I want people who have taken
the class with me so that they know that how they know how I teach
the class on Ben. You just have to have the hours to devote to the
class on being a teaching assistant for that class.